thanosconvert: convert block meta from Thanos to Cortex (#3770)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/blocks-storage/migrate-storage-from-thanos-and-prometheus.md

## How to migrate the storage

### Upload TSDB blocks to Cortex bucket

TSDB blocks stored in Prometheus local disk or Thanos bucket should be copied/uploaded to the Cortex bucket at the location `bucket://<tenant-id>/` (when Cortex is running with auth disabled then `<tenant-id>` must be `fake`).

### Migrate block metadata (`meta.json`) to Cortex

For each block copied/uploaded to the Cortex bucket, there are a few changes required to the `meta.json`.

#### Automatically migrate metadata using the `thanosconvert` tool

`thanosconvert` can iterate over a Cortex bucket and make sure that each `meta.json` has the correct `thanos` > `labels` layout.

> ⚠️  `thanosconvert` will modify files in the bucket you specify. It's recommended that you have backups or enable object versioning before running this tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠ Warning ⚠ `thanosconvert` will modify files in the bucket you specify. It's recommended that you have backups or enable object versioning before running this tool.
```

> To run `thanosconvert`, you need to provide a YAML file with bucket configuration in the same format as the [blocks storage bucket configuration](../configuration/config-file-reference.md#blocks_storage_config). For example, for s3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run `thanosconvert`, you need to provide it with the bucket configuration in the same format as the [blocks storage bucket configuration](../configuration/config-file-reference.md#blocks_storage_config).
```

(command line options work too here)
